Updated the Readme to be up to date. Did not realize, you were also updating it. (#12)
anthonyjclark/boxnav: README.md

# BoxNav

> ![Demo of an agent operating in a box environment.Demo of an agent operating in a box environment.](demo.gif)

Reviewer: Looks like the text is there twice? Probably a merge issue.

Unreal Engine is needed for data collection, and you will want to either download our packaged game or the version on Gitea. You will also need to install [ue5osc](https://github.com/arcslaboratory/ue5osc) using the instructions found in its README.

### Beginning the Simulation in UE5
Clone this repository. Move into the cloned boxnav directory. Press play on your Unreal Engine project.

Then to kick off the simulation you must first ensure the following steps are followed:

> 1. It is essential that you create a conda environment.
> 
> ```
> conda create --name <env_name>
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. First, create and activate an anaconda environment.

~~~
conda create --name <env_name>
conda activate <env_name>
~~~
```

> 2. Next, activate this newly created environment and run the following commands in the terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Next, install the needed libraries.
```

> ```
> conda install python matplotlib celluloid
> ```
> 
> ```
> python -m pip install python-osc
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~
conda install python matplotlib celluloid
python -m pip install python-osc
~~~
```

> 3. After downloading the ue5osc library, navigate into this repository and you will need to install this library with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. After cloning the ue5osc library, navigate into this repository and install this library with:
```

```

> python -m pip install --editable .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd ue5osc
python -m pip install --editable .
```

python boxsim.py <navigator> --ue --save_images 'path/to/dataset'
~~~

### Note about Command Line Arguments

The above command specifies the required arguments needed to run the box simulation in Unreal Engine. But there are other optional specifications. Here are all the arguments you can specify:

- \<navigator>: must choose between "wandering" and "perfect" and decides the navigator that will be used when running the simulation.
- --anim_ext=\<extension>: (optional) extension for output format to help visualize run.
- --max_actions=\<int>: (optional) Maximum number of allowed actions when running the simulation
- --save_images=\<file path>: (optional) enables image capturing to specified path (may be relative or absolute path)
- --ue: (optional) Note: Required if you want to connect to Unreal Engine
- --py_port=\<port>: (optional) Python OSC server port.
- --ue_port=\<port>: (optional) Unreal Engine OSC server port.
- --image_ext=\<extension>: (optional) Sets file extensions for images to be saved as.
- --resolution=\<string ResXxResY>: (optional) sets resolution of screen

> You can look at how these arguments are used in the boxsim.py file.

Reviewer: We can probably delete this from here and just tell people to read the code. Otherwise we'll likely have these instructions fall out of sync with changes we make to boxsim.py.

Author: Sounds good.

### Notes about Unreal Engine

- In our packaged 'game' you can add the following lines into the Game.ini file found in either:
    - MacOS: (Hidden folder) \<Packaged_Game_Name>\Epic\ARCSAssets\Saved\Config\Mac
    - Windows: \<Packaged_Game_Name>\ARCSAssets\Saved\Config\Windows
```
[/ARCSRobots/SimpleRobotCamera/BP_Pawn_SimpleRobotCamera.BP_Pawn_SimpleRobotCamera_C]
UEPort=<port>
PyPort=<port>
RobotVisible=<Bool>
```

### Other Notes

Right-handed coordinate system.

- Up-Down is y relative to Oldenborg
- Left-right is x relative to Oldenborg

Things to do:

- Document code
- Add box to box navigation for boy scout (move to next target)
- Implement wanderer navigator

> - Create environment using Oldenborg values from Liz (find spreadsheet on Slack)

Reviewer: Delete all of these lines.
